feat(parse): parse project client-side; avoid leak warning (#141)
yseop/vscode-yseopml: CHANGELOG.md

-   Remove unused option `maxNumberOfProblems`;
-   New option `ymlParsingIssueSeverityLevel` allowing to set the way parsing problems are displayed;
-   Improved parsing for:
    -   `forall` instructions;
    -   `(condition).check()`-like expressions;
    -   `rename` instructions.
-   Improved location provider. `Go To Implementation` using `ctrl+F12` on a method name gives the list of the locations where the method is implemented. See [this link](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/editingevolved#_go-to-implementation) for more information.
-   Improved project files parsing. Fewer irrelevant files are parsed. The new behavior is as follows:
    -   parse the files mentioned in the `project.kao` file;
    -   parse `*.yclass`, `*.yobject` and `*.ycomplete` files;
    -   avoid parsing the files in `.generated-yml/` directory, wherever this directory stands.

> _Note that the whole project parsing may take some time, depending on your project size. During the project parsing, suggestions list won't be available._

Reviewer: I thought for a while that we could add something in the ReadMe but did not find a suitable place for it. :/

Anyway:

```suggestion
_Note that parsing a whole project may take some time, depending on the project’s size. During the project parsing, suggestion lists won't be available._
```

And after that I think we’re good to go.
